[router] add platform extension docs (#27409)
expo/expo: docs/pages/router/create-pages.mdx

The above example matches the `/` route in the app and the browser. Files named **index** match the parent directory and do not add a path segment. For example, **app/settings/index.js** matches `/settings` in the app.

## Platform specific extensions

> > **warning** Platform-specific extensions were added in Expo Router 3.x.x. If you are using an older version, please see [Platform-specific modules](/router/advanced/platform-specific-modules), for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **warning** Platform-specific extensions were added in Expo Router `3.x.x`. If you are using an older version of the library, follow instructions from [Platform-specific modules](/router/advanced/platform-specific-modules).
```

Metro bundler's platform-specific extensions (for example, **.ios.js** or **.native.ts**) are supported in the **app** directory only if a **non-platform version** also exists. This ensures that routes are universal across platforms for deep linking.

> Consider the following project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider the following project structure:
```

<FileTree
  files={[
    'app/_layout.js',
    'app/_layout.web.js',
    'app/index.js',
    'app/about.js',
    'app/about.web.js',
  ]}
/>

> In this project, the **\_layout.web.js** file is used as a layout on the web and **\_layout.js** is used on all other platform. The **index.js** file is used as the home page for all platforms. The **about.web.js** file is used as the about page for the web and **about.js** file is used on all other platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above file structure:
- **\_layout.web.js** file is used as a layout on the web and **\_layout.js** is used on all other platforms.
- **index.js** file is used as the home page for all platforms.
- **about.web.js** file is used as the about page for the web, and the **about.js** file is used on all other platforms.
```

There's a lot going on in the above paragraph, let's convert it to a list of items. Plus, also fix a couple typos.

> > **info** Always provide a file without a platform extension to ensure every platform has a default implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **info** Providing a route file without a platform-specific extension is required to ensure every platform has a default implementation.
```

Since in the first paragraph we say this is requirement for Metro bundler to recognize a platform specific extension only if non-platform specific extension exits, let's say it like that here. Since this is a callout, we can be authoritative and clear about this.

Also, what does "default implementation" mean here? is it the layout? or the home screen?
